PXP-4737 Feat/nested agg (#83)
uc-cdis/guppy: doc/queries.md

<a name="aggs-nested"></a>

### 4. Nested Aggregation

> :bangbang: **This section is for performing aggregations on document which contains nested fields. For information about Guppy supporting nested sub-aggregations such as terms aggregation and missing aggregation, please refer to [Sub-aggregations](#aggs-sub)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:bangbang: **This section is for performing aggregations on documents which contain nested fields. For information about Guppy supporting nested sub-aggregations such as terms aggregation and missing aggregation, please refer to [Sub-aggregations](#aggs-sub)**
```

> Guppy supports performing aggregations (both text and numeric aggregations) on nested fields. For information about using nested fields inside filters, see [Nested Filter](#filter-nested)

Reviewer 2: Could you add a quick paragraph explaining the difference between sub-aggregations and nested aggregations? I'm having a hard time understanding what the difference is reading the docs.

Reviewer 2: Also, is the nested aggregation also limited to a depth of 2 levels?

Author: > Also, is the nested aggregation also limited to a depth of 2 levels?

no not really, it should work for more nested levels

<a name="aggs-nested"></a>

### 4. Nested Aggregation
:bangbang: **This section is for performing aggregations on documents which contain nested fields. For information about Guppy supporting nested sub-aggregations such as terms aggregation and missing aggregation, please refer to [Sub-aggregations](#aggs-sub)**

> >The difference between Nested Aggregations and Sub-aggregations is that Nested Aggregations are performed on multi-level nested fields, while the sub-aggregations are preformed on different fields within a same level.

Reviewer: preformed -> performed :)
